HOW TO CHOOSE YOUR HAIRSTYLE BASED ON FACE SHAPES. 
如何做发型

1 跟着跟自己很像的明星

2 用不同的app学着换不同的发型  尝试一下  然后找到最适合自己的发型



Strategy Maps roberts s.kaplan  战略地图 

建立灵活的规则。 因为规则总会有时候打破，所以当知道，什么时候能打破什么时候规则绝对不能打破。 
PickupArtistTools.com

(Smart TO DO= ASK -DO IT HARD- TEST AND TEST DONT QUIT , SAMRT TO DO AND DO THE RIGHT THINGS. )
要做到自动化还是得做得优化设置成系统化啊。  所以我这边还是缺服务器 ，Nas 不够用啊。   wordpress 白买了。Ultimate Member   Wechat Shop 

Wechat download 付费下载 

success coach   

把录音替换成用 PPT 加录屏 。

做一个介绍课程  然后里面有几个练习   但是不是很深入 但是人家感觉又有对自己的改变变化。 

所以然后你再制作一个深入的课程拿去sale 

 【ACTION】 Only floow ing the people I learn from 。 So I set social midea in a right way 
【Genius】
The challenge of modern life, even for people who do not have ADD, is to learn how to put on the brakes. In order to cope with the many demands of everyday life and the information overload each day brings, a person needs to be able to stop and think, to pause over one point long enough to extract what matters before moving on.
【Action】
Once I lost my rhythm, it could take half an hour to get it back.

【Action】
Finally, showers promote good thinking because showers induce a state of comfort, calm, and relaxation. They stimulate all five senses: the feel of the water on the skin and the feel of the steam; the sounds of the shower; the smells of the soaps, shampoos, and whatever else is in the environs; the taste of the water; and the sight of the parts of your body that you see as you wash them, as well as the stall or the tub that you’re in.
（shower and stop and  think ）

【ACTION】
Why Smart People Underperform 
让我想一下那个 

【Genius】 Two things success people do when they hear other people success 1 cheer them 

 2 Learn what they can from it ，use that apply itself as soon as possbile to their own process  

【Genius】 Being ware who willing to take a chance 。

【Genius】 Plan B 
By having a plan B in place, you're not going to be financially
devastated if your other revenue streams disappear.
Building runway prepares you to build passive revenue
streams and protects you if the worst should happen and
you lost your job for reasons outside your control

【Genius】 Why cant remeber 
  Why do you read 20-40 min and cant remeber everything 。 bc there is no  emotion there。

【Genius】The way to Pass test is by none reactive

------------------
THE HIGH-STATUS SUMMIT 2019 
https://www.jasoncapitalsociety.com/hss2019/socialmedia.html 
The way that works is the right way .
My success model
1 Viking Lifestyle
2 Jason Capital
3 Tai lopez 
4 Elisha Long
 

Dont do it just weekend . You will hate monday again .  You WANT create lifestyle .删除monday 让你讨厌的。 add something you exciting 。 

Book keeping -- Tal Lopez - SMMA 2.0   Until you get buzness 

职业自由可以跟李欣频的自由职业选择方案一样思维模型。 就是选择1个主业，然后同时做5-7个副业。

能力圈做大了你再去做事- 穷查理
用多种思维模型，定时更新删除没用的模型 增加现在实用的模型。 - 穷查理 
如何过上痛苦的生活- 反复无常。一个人如果目标和情绪不断变来变去不知道自己想要什么，他会过上痛苦的生活。-穷查理
如何过上痛苦的生活，你千万不要吸取他人的教训，一个人如果不吸收他人的教训永远从自己身上摸索出痛苦的事情才改变，他能得到痛苦的生活。-穷查理

she continued to pleasure herself
cruel onion wiki 蚕沙 赏金 
green ball  实验 
红色房间 
Hidden Wiki 
http://zqktlwi4fecvo6ri.onion/wiki/index.php/Main_Page 

The
     Secret
   Story
Archive
http://tssa3saypkimmkcy.onion/ 
http://www.thehiddenwiki.org/
https://www.deepwebsiteslinks.com/ 
https://www.deepwebsiteslinks.com/create-bitcoin-wallet-online-offline/ 

http://gjgbztmown7d6usl.onion/  rape
搭建Anki 
搭建Darknet 
搭建私有云
谷歌云搭建 - 到wordpress 


Quick track 
1
3min 整理收藏夹 
2 3min H盘文件夹整理 

3 三分钟休息

我的方法 - 用小行动小概念 带动客户做小改变。   让客户喜欢我。   客户喜欢上我爱上我的文章爱上我的音频。  然后就会持续购买我的课程。 只要我的课程每一次做的有料。 

头部每次上扬百分之二十 到百分之 十。 

【ACT】 1 学PS 做产品图片 。 2 学HTML 做网站页面。 

 我打算做一个产品 讲英语 做 音标 +词汇+语法 




Grant Cardone – Secrets Of The Wealthy Live Training Bonuses [Gdrive] 
Ben Adkins - The Perpetual Sales Engine 
The Work From Anywhere Accelerator By Christian Martin
Cat Howell - Rapidfire Empire (学到了)
QQ Tudou77
1
Gmail 

2 
Record 
Trailer Park Boys: The Animated SeriesS1:E1Long Story Short… A Bear Ripped My C**k Off and Ate It

3 
wordpress 

为什么百度难收录wrodpress
第一，选择一个seo好的主题
第二，申请熊掌号
熊掌号作用特别大 新站用熊掌号提交 只要内容不是违规的 几乎都能收录


这里推荐下自己的Cute主题，百度搜索即可，优化好，功能强大

4 Jason Capital- Achievement God 




 5 列完 下载完 pdscourses 的资源 

6 浏览器历史记录处理 

7  萌萌和夜末的群资源整理 

8 百度网盘下载 以及整理 

9  翻阅全部页面 wsoarchives 

10 研究 Negotiate ebook 



变得消极也要变得积极 ？

1 想一想 当你陷入困境 如果不能用一种方法你觉得能解决的时候 但是你要变得消极。  要想到其他的可能性。 你要想 万一 。。。 万一 。。。。。 万一。。。。 

2 但是在另一方面 变得积极。如果这个方法可以行得通 ，我要怎么继续做XXX。。。 然后继续XX 之后可能又碰到消极的可能性 。  然后就问 这件事我可能会变得多糟糕？

