Persian Pick-Up Artist Roosh Says Race is Real, It Just Doesn’t Matter

Andrew Anglin
Daily Stormer
February 27, 2015
Roosh
Roosh

It appears that we are having an effect on the manosphere narrative.

Daryush “Roosh” Valizadeh is one of a handful of non-Jews who is involved in the “pick-up artist” wing of the manosphere. He writes blogs and books about “the secret to fast sex.”

Roosh is Persian. On Wednesday, he wrote an essay entitled “Are There Differences In Race?” addressing the allegations that he is hiding the truth on the race issue.  In it, he admits that race is a real thing, but then says it doesn’t really matter and White people who talk about it are all potential mass-murderers.  Because, you know – Hitler.

Whereas the anti-feminist and pro-masculinity aspects of the manosphere hold real value, and there are a lot of smart people in that internet subculture, “pick-up artistry” is little more than a snake oil scam designed to sell horny young men the autistic idea that they can somehow have sex with hundreds of women if they just learn the correct phrasing and posturing.

Besides the fact that the material is mostly useless, it also creates a nihilistic, subhuman value system, wherein the meaning in a man’s life is based around the number of women he is having sex with.  This is an ideology that can only really be sold to men who either have very little experience with sex and are seriously frustrated or men who possess some type of pathology.

The pathology which leads to the type of behavior encouraged by the pick-up community can be either strict sex addiction (which can have various causes, similar to alcoholism or any other form of addiction), in which case you would already have figured out how to “get laid fast” and not need Roosh’s advice, or it can relate to personal issues with one’s childhood – and particularly with one’s mother – wherein you are constantly seeking the approval and/or domination of females due to self-esteem problems and a compulsive psychological drive. Interestingly, though in Roosh’s article he accuses us of being potential mass murderers, virtually every single serial killer in history has had these types of issues with his mother.

Because really, sex is fun, but surely it isn’t something a healthy man bases his entire identity around in the way these pick-up artists encourage men to do.

Yes, the point they present that we have evolved to want unlimited sex with hot women is true, but we have also evolved to want unlimited sugary pastries and salty snacks.
The defining aspect of masculinity is not sex appeal, it is self-control.
The defining aspect of masculinity is not sexual prowess, it is self-control.

Part of being a man is overcoming base drives in order to reach greater achievements.  Ah, but that should really read “part of being a White man…” shouldn’t it?  Because the infatuation with unlimited sex, like the infatuation with unlimited physical possessions, is a characteristic of the lower races, who are not born with a desire to reach beyond this physical shell.
This is what Black people actually believe
This is what Black people actually believe

Funny that Roosh is Persian, as they pride themselves on being “mostly White” (“Aryan” is the word they use), but we find that while they do have positive White characteristics, their core character is defined by the Arab admixture.  This “bad blood” results in a corruption of the White genetics, leading the individual into base materialism.  Yes, Persians are more intelligent than Arabs, they are friendlier and more civilized, but when it comes down to it, they still have the same basic make-up of all non-Whites: they are material beings, like all other animals.
Though Persians pretty well universally hate the Arabs who took their base in 651 AD, they have an identical "look at this stuff I bought with my money" mindset.
Though Persians pretty well universally hate the Arabs who took their base in 651 AD, they have an identical “look at this stuff I bought with my money” mindset. (Note: this is not a picture of Roosh, though the guy does look a lot like him.)

It is the same scenario with Ashkenazi Jews, who are, on the whole, “mostly White,” and yet they maintain a purely materialistic existence, devoid of higher spiritual perception, due to the impurity of their blood.

Roosh begins:

    Every few months there is some eruption of race in the manosphere where I’m accused of “censoring the truth” about race differences and how I’ve taken the red pill on everything but race. On the flip side are concerns from those who are troubled that white nationalists are leaking into the community, especially from the human biodiversity and neoreaction spheres.

Guilty as charged.

And surely you are on the flip side, given that your audience is probably nigh entirely White, while you yourself are not, so a sweeping movement of White racial consciousness through the manosphere would not be at all good for business (note: this sentence basically serves as a summation of Roosh’s entire piece, but we’re gonna go ahead and go through the rest of it, just for fun).

    I personally believe that race differences exist. Varying evolutionary pressures in different environments created the world’s races, leading to genetic differences in personality, physiology, and thinking that can’t be entirely attributed to environmental upbringing. These differences give each race their own profile of strengths and weaknesses that make them compatible and incompatible with certain behaviors and features of society. For example, I believe Arabs, due to their kinship model of organization, are mostly incompatible with democracy, which focuses on individual rights and freedoms.

Wow, that’s an excellent paragraph. Could have written it myself.

What’s the catch?

    Beyond considering the scientific basis for some race generalizations, “race realism” stops for me. Race concerns me very little in the lifestyle that I believe is optimal for the individual man when it comes to improving his love life, well being, and overall happiness. The advice I teach is race blind, and this is shown by the diverse grouping of men from around the world who has been helped by it. While there are some biological differences that may give certain races an edge with a game program, such as allowing a black man to gain muscle mass faster than an Asian man, individual self-improvement minimizes race differences that can be more easily noticed on a societal scale when comparing large populations.

Oh. He’s not concerned about the existence of race, because his only concern is getting laid.

So who are all these people that care about race, Roosh?

    Unless you’re a policy wonk concerned with immigration, a university official in charge of an affirmative action program, or a politician who creates actual policy, race realism provides a marginal utility in your life. The main benefit comes with dating women, by finding a race of woman who is most receptive, attractive, and compatible to your game, personality, and appearance, of which race is but one component. Besides that, I can’t think of how my life has been benefited by knowing about human race differences, especially since I don’t aim for a political career. Benefits from studying race realism may apply to groups who subscribe to ingroup nationalism, but not to a body of work built on a foundation of game and male achievement.

I had to Google the word “wonk.”
North American, you say?
North American, you say?

Obviously, this is stupid.

Even if you are a hedonist, solely focused on getting laid, immigration is affecting you on a personal level.  These people are invading and looting our countries, and they are doing this because of race differences – they are incapable of creating wealth, due to the aforementioned evolutionary differences, and so must come steal ours.  The economic effects of this alone are severely altering the lives of every strata of Western life; it’s hard to focus on racking up phone numbers at the club when you can’t even pay the rent.

So accusing anyone who is concerned about immigration of being some type of weird nerd is nonsensical.

Beyond the economic, all non-Whites are a hassle on the personal level.  Any White man who sits and asks himself what benefit Blacks and immigrants are to society cannot come up with anything, and he will likely be able to list off a great number of personal interactions he has had with these people that have made him uncomfortable or worse.

And clearly these race differences do relate to the ability of men to achieve their goals – if you are a White man.  Because we are being displaced by these people not only as a group, but as individuals.  Racial egalitarianism has led to White men being hindered from carrying out their full potential, and so for the individual White male, the attack on the collective of the White race is highly relevant.

Roosh is a non-White immigrant, so he is not suffering from the issues White men are suffering from.  He maintains a privileged status in White society.  So we can obviously look at his statements here as an attack on White men, telling them to shut up and take it because “hey, you can still get laid if you buy this book,” but it is also probably that he is personally incapable of understanding what it feels like to have your entire society stolen from you by aliens.

But you see some other problems with focusing on racial consciousness, don’t you Roosh?

    Ingrouping is a powerful draw for many people. The easiest way to feel a sense of belonging is to find others who have the same skin color as you. I believe these ingroups have a right to form and further their own interests. The only problem with such nationalism is that the end game is subjugation or genocide of races deemed to be inferior. Race realism by white people leads to the idea that whites are the superior race and all other races are inferior (white nationalism). When this type of group ascends to power on a national level in a multi-racial society, they will naturally promote white interests while oppressing or persecuting “inferior” races. When a more extreme element eventually takes hold, subjugation and genocide become the logical conclusion in preserving and strengthening the race that has been deemed biologically superior.

Here, it just took a turn toward the personal, and as a non-White alien in a White society, his personal view on this issue must be the same as that of the SJWs.  “Racial unity is good, except for when it’s White people, because as soon as Whites have racial unity they start firing up the gas chambers.”

As the regular reader of this site is aware, the Jew Holocaust didn’t actually happen, and even if he had, the fact that he here singles out White people as the prime historical genociders is retarded, and demonstrates a clear anti-White political/racial agenda (really more of a personal agenda in this case).  If the Holocaust had happened, it would be the singular time in history when Whites tried to exterminate another racial group, whereas non-Whites do this constantly.

Though there are ongoing examples of this in Africa between warring tribal/ethnic sects, the most recent high-profile example of non-Whites trying to wipe out a racial group was when Roosh’s Arabian cousins in ISIS declared they were going to rape all the Yezedi women in order to “destroy the blonde bloodline.”

So his position is incredibly Jew-like, implying that if we gain control of America, we will gas him.

I have no desire to murder anyone, and I have never personally met anyone who does.  This is merely a fantasy in the mind of non-Whites, who continue to view us – their benefactors – as an evil enemy trying to destroy them.  Roosh has given away his alien nature.

He then mentions the fact that the Jews invented the “race doesn’t exist” theory in order to keep from getting gassed.

    It’s for this reason that intellectual Jews after World War 2 pushed the idea that race differences don’t exist: they wanted to prevent another Holocaust while strengthening their ingroup. If discussion of race differences are allowed, anti-Semitism tends to bloom and Jews get blamed for societal ills, leading to their persecution. There is a component of self-preservation in not allowing race realism if you’re a minority group, but it is not the truth.

This bit leads me to believe the entire piece was basically a response to my article against Sargon of Akkad, a sort of nervous spasm as he sees a sea change coming in the way the manosphere deals with race.  But, as a Persian, he probably hates the Jews nearly as much as we do, so maybe he was already aware of this fact and was just throwing it out there (though why would he believe in the hoax? His government doesn’t).

I am not sure what the last sentence of that paragraph means – “but it is not the truth”?

The entire article is an admission that as a minority, he is avoiding race realism in order to avoid being disliked.  To push his agenda, he uses logical acrobatics, accusations of genocide, and then of course, insults us and questions our manhood.

    The general pattern I see with nationalists of any race is that they have foregone self improvement and hard work in favor of playing the societal victim. Some whites in America today are angry that their race has lost influence and relative population, and while I agree that the notion of “white privilege” is deeply flawed (along with “male privilege”) and that open-door immigration hurts society, I strongly suspect that active participation in white nationalist circles is a cover for feelings of personal inferiority.

“Yes you are definitely being invaded and displaced in your own homeland, but if you want to do something about it it is only because you are a weak person.”
Overcompensating for personal inferiority. Should be spending hours reading blogs about how to spend hours manipulating some dumb bitch into a blowjob.
“Overcompensating for personal inferiority. Should be spending hours reading blogs about how to spend hours manipulating some dumb bitch into a blowjob.”

Really, Roosh?

It’s funny, because from where I’m sitting, I can’t really think of anything which more exemplifies personal insecurity than reading books and blogs about how to be more attractive to women.

Of course, among White Nationalists there is a portion of those involved who do get involved due to personal insecurities, but at the same time, these insecurities are a direct result of Jewish social manipulation and racial warfare.

And again, it is clearly a minority of White Nationalists who join up due to needing personal validation.  Most of them are just fed-up with what you yourself mention as real problems – racial displacement and a collapsing social order due to Marxist policies of removing White males from their birthright as the ruler of planet earth.
Once we were gods.
Once, we were gods.

Conversely, I don’t think anyone becomes involved in “pickup artistry” for any reason other than feelings of personal inferiority.  The one exception obviously being those who are making money from this industry which preys on the insecurities of mainly White males.  People like you.

And here’s the thing.  White men who get involved in pick-up cults do it for the same reason some insecure men get involved in White nationalism: Jewish cultural manipulation which has removed them from their role in a defined hierarchical social order which reinforces their intrinsic value as human beings.

Roosh closes by again stressing that race has no affect on hedonist individuals.

    So yes, there are race differences that range from trivial to significant, and those differences can affect societies, but besides using my knowledge of race differences to select a race of woman that I’m most compatible with, race should not be used as a pillar, foundation, or main component of your belief system, because it will have little effect in improving your day-to-day individual existence. Besides identifying basic race differences that can aid men with their dating lives, I’ll leave the race rabbit hole to white men. In the meantime, I’ll continue offering advice and information that can aid men of all races.

Obviously, the other races don’t need this advice, because they don’t have feminism in their countries and so never developed a neurotic obsession with seeking validation from women.  The only other races consuming this material would be those who are in White countries trying to have sex with White women.

And one more time: these issues do affect the individual, in innumerable ways.  And what’s more, the collective itself affects the individual, meaning that the separation from our racial identity has led to personal problems, not the least of which being a loss of personal identity.  Because there isn’t any such thing as personal identity outside of an in-group collective.

This is why you presently see people scrambling like rats to define themselves in any way possible.  This is why you see people dressing up like punk-rockers or goths or hipsters, getting tattoos, obsessively following sports, joining #gamergate, joining religious groups or joining pick-up artist cults.

And yes.  White Nationalism is one such cultlike ideology.  But it is different in that it offers an entire worldview not merely based on logic and science, but on history and blood.
Until the earth crashes into the sun.
Until the earth crashes into the sun.

Final Thoughts

I want to note that in criticizing the pick-up movement I am not dismissing male sexual frustration.  I understand that this is a problem.  Like air and food, sex is a human need.  However, what the pick-up movement does is exploit sexual frustration – a basic human vulnerability – for a profit.  And in order to do that, they must do something more than simply give men basic facts about how to approach women, they must encourage neurotic disorder.

The implicit bottom line of this “sex is the end-all, be-all of male existence” ideology is that the only way you can fulfil yourself is through the approval of women.  This is obviously pathetic, and merely reinforces the feminist position that our value as men is dependent on them.

If you don’t seek large scale social change in the way I do, and your concern is merely your own sex life, the logical response to feminists using sex as a weapon against men would be to push for widespread legalization of prostitution.  This allows for sex on a man’s own terms without requiring him to spend endless amounts of personal energy which could be spent on personal improvement trying to manipulate women into sex.

Just saying.

Because it needs to be said.  Pick-up is not really about sex, it is about seeking approval.

Something completely different goes on in other areas of the manosphere, where the consequences of ongoing Jewish social engineering are addressed.  These issues need to be addressed in-depth, and I am a fan of much of what is published on Return of Kings and other such anti-feminist reactionary websites.

The manosphere becoming a racist movement is an unavoidable happening.  I am not the one causing this, I am merely laying a straw on a tired camel’s back.  It is impossible to acknowledge the biological differences between men and women and not acknowledge racial differences unless there is a force actively attempting to limit the level of realization people come to.

It is also not possible to indefinitely deny the definitively Jewish nature of social justice movements, if you are looking at them for long enough, given that they are almost entirely made up of Jews, which couldn’t possibly be a coincidence.

So changes in the direction of the manosphere were going to happen eventually.  And I think most of the White men involved with the movement will welcome it, as they are already aware of what is going on with race and simply prefer not to discuss it due to a fear of losing their audiences.

The fact of the matter is that feminism is not a real problem anywhere else but among Whites.  Feminism is just one of the many attacks on the White male. I would argue that it was the initial problem which caused all of these other problems by forcibly removing basic logic from the mainstream narrative and replacing it with emotional female gibberish.

That said, feminism is not the biggest problem.  The biggest problem is that we are being replaced with hordes of non-Whites.  Because there is no going back from that.

Roosh is a snake oil salesman trying to keep the shekels rolling in, and he will be a causality of the coming reframing of the anti-SJW movement as a characteristically White racial movement, which demands not only that women return to the kitchen, but that all of these filthy savages who have broken down the door and invaded our base go the hell back to wherever they came from.
There's a storm coming.
There’s a storm coming. It’s time to choose sides.
