College Cold Approach

How do you cold approach at college? You don’t.

You can certainly approach girls, but cold approaching should be left for the malls.

Why? Because at college you have a reputation. Once you develop a negative reputation, it’s impossible to fix it.

I wish girls would think more highly of cold approach, but most think it’s “creepy” or they’re literally too awkward to have a conversation. The amount of weirdo’s I run into is ridiculous. There needs to be some kind of self-improvement website for girls!

 

I know what your thinking, “What’s the difference between approaching and cold approaching?” There’s actually quite a few differences.

Cold approaching is very direct, while normal approaching is very friendly.
Cold approaching is very unnatural, while normal approaching is very natural.
Cold approaching develops a bad reputation, while normal approaching doesn’t.  
Technically both styles are cold because you don’t already know the girl, but I’ll give you an example of what I mean.

Running around campus saying, “Hey your cute how are you doing?” 

compared to:

Sitting down at a dining hall table saying, “Hey you seem cool lets be friends.”

approach

The second option is the much better one.

If you go out solely to cold approach, the girls your hitting on are going to know what your doing. Girls are extremely smart in social situations and they’ll know that your just running around campus like a PUA monkey trying to get laid. That totally turns them off. Girls want things to happen naturally. Nothing can be planned.

The second option will also be coming at a friends angle, rather than a pickup one. Even if you want to be more than friends, saying, “Lets be friends”, makes them a lot more comfortable. Especially since everyone at college wants to make new friends.

Lastly like we already discussed, picking option two will not ruin your reputation. Your just sitting down and having lunch with a girl who’s sitting alone. Most girls will appreciate that. You’re just being friendly.

 

Once you sit down just start talking. It doesn’t really matter what your talking about if you come across as cool and confident. If you like her, at the end of the convo say something like, “It was nice meeting you I gotta run though. Your cool, take my number, text me later.”

The reason your giving out your number is because it requires no effort on your part. You don’t have to think about when to text her, what to text her, etc. If she liked you, she’ll text you. If she didn’t like you, she won’t text you. It’s that simple.

Another really good thing about doing this, is that it shows that you don’t give a fuck. You don’t care if you ever see her again. This indifference is attractive to her. Every other guy who’s talked to her in her life has asked for her number. Your differentiating yourself. Your turning the tables on her.

And before anyone asks, yes, you will lose some girls because they will just never text a guy first. But when you weigh the pros and cons of each strategy, It’s pretty clear which one you should be doing.

 

Alright that’s it for tonight guys.

Try this strategy out and let me know how it goes.

It feels good to get texts from girls you don’t remember!


http://www.loser2winner.com/college-cold-approach/
