How To Talk To Girls In Class

Yo yo yo. I’ve been getting asked a lot about how to talk to girls in class. You ask and I shall deliver.

Talking to girls in class is very similar to The College Cold Approach, in that you want to talk to girls from a friends angle instead of a pick-up one.

You want to be a part of the girl’s life before you even get her number. It also helps her possibly develop a crush on you and wonder if you “like” her. I’ve found that it’s much easier to get with girls if they start chasing you first.

However, in order for this to happen, you have to be a cool above-average looking guy.

Now with that being said, the strategy to talk to girls in class varies slightly between high school and college.

 

Lets start with high school:

As you know, in high school everyone will already know everyone and their current reputation. This isn’t necessarily a bad thing because if your an Up and Comer or a Popular kid, you won’t really have to do any work. The hot/popular girls will talk to you automatically.

You have to start doing work if your an Unknown or Average kid. And by that I mean making an effort to talk to girls.

It all boils down to the first day of class.

The first day of class sets the standard social dynamics for the rest of the year. If not the first day, the first week for sure.

The key here is to be someone who matters. Be the kid who talks all class. Be the kid that everyone looks up to. Be the kid that doesn’t give a fuck. Don’t be the kid who sleeps on his desk in the corner.

class

Once you have some friends in your class and a decent reputation, you’ll have the respect of the girls. Without it they won’t give you the time of day.

At the beginning of class, sit down next to the girl you like. Wait a few minutes and say something like, “Hey did you do the homework?” 

It doesn’t really matter what you say, just say something really general and not personal.

Have a little small talk conversation with her before class starts. If you don’t already know each-other, introduce yourself. Say something like, “I don’t think we’ve met before, I’m Brian.”

Continue basic small talk through the rest of the class while you talk to other kids as well.

 

The next day in class, say hi to the same girl and talk with her some more. Each day that passes you can get a little more personal. Each day, have a stronger flirtatious vibe. By the end of the first week you should be able to tell if you and the girl have the potential to be friends.

If you guys are vibing well, the conversation will start to come naturally. It will be clear that the girl is at least somewhat interested in you. If that’s the case just keep slowly amping up the flirting. Keep getting more and more personal each week.

One thing that I used to do a lot was draw tic-tac-toe on the girl’s paper while the teacher was talking/a movie was playing.

After a few weeks your probably walking together after class sometimes. Just grab her number after you say bye for the day. The rest is history. You made a friend with the potential for more if you play your cards right. 

 

College:

The same basic strategy applies for college except you can/have to move a lot faster. The reason is because of huge class sizes and the fact that no-one knows each other.

If your in a big lecture hall, you can really play the numbers game.

It first depends on if your class is full or not. If your class normally has every seat taken, walk into class a little bit late and sit down next to a hot girl.

If your class doesn’t get full, just walk into class at it’s normal time and sit with one seat in between you and the girl. That way it won’t look like you planned it out.

 

Which ever capacity your lecture hall operates, always wait a few minutes before you start talking to the girl. Once again, you don’t want this to look like you planned it out.

Start with basic small talk to see if the girl is nice/interested. If she doesn’t seem very friendly, stop talking to her. Just wait until next class and sit down next to one of the other 200 girls.

If she does seem pretty receptive, continue amping up the flirting like you would in high school, except you have to condense it all into one class. Your moving a lot faster because there’s a good chance your never going to see this girl in class again.

At the end of class, ask her if she wants to go get lunch with you right now or invite her to a party that weekend. Either take her number after lunch or while your leaving class if your not getting lunch.

 

On the other hand, there’s still a lot of small classes in college. If your in a small class you want to play it more similar to how you would do it in high school. Sit next to a girl and become friends with her over the course of a few weeks, then get her number once you’re already friends.

If you never get the opportunity to sit next to the girl you want to talk to, you can always talk to her after class.

Say something like, “How’d you do on that test?”

If she’s friendly, continue the conversation down the hall. If you really start vibing you can get her number right then and there. If your not hitting it off, I would advise to just say that you’ll see her next class. You can be friends with her by making more and more progress each week.

 

Alright guys that’s it for tonight.

This is the most effective way to talk to girls while protecting your reputation. Apply these principles and let me know how it works for you.


----------------------------

http://www.loser2winner.com/how-to-talk-to-girls-in-class/
