The young business owner sighed in frustration and stood up from beside the bed where he had been kneeling.
Once again, he had desperately asked for guidance, and once again, nothing had come to him.
His father had founded the company in 1952, but had died in 1980, leaving him in charge of the frail business at the age of thirty.
His greatest wish was to carry on his father’s legacy, to act and make decisions as his father would have. But he felt inadequate to the task. More than anything, he felt alone.
Years had passed, and with every critical decision, he hit his knees and sought direction. And with every decision, he was left to make the decision on his own.
That night, his father came to him in a dream.
“Dad,” he chided, “where have you been all these years? I’ve been begging you for help. I’ve asked for guidance so many times. I’ve done my best to continue building your business. But never in all these years have you ever shown me the way.”
His father smiled. “Chris, we really don’t care about the business up here,” he said. “What we care about very much is who you become because of your business.”
That true story* powerfully and profoundly expresses the core reason why I’m so passionate about entrepreneurship.
You can’t unleash your greatness until you expose your fears and weaknesses. Your fears and weaknesses can’t be exposed until you get out of your comfort zone. And one of the fastest ways to get out of your comfort zone is to become an entrepreneur.
Fear is the result of false beliefs. False beliefs limit your potential more than any other factor.
To break through your limitations, you must reprogram your false beliefs. But you can’t do anything about your false beliefs until you expose them, and you can’t expose them until you face your fears.
Struggling to find your purpose? Wondering what mission you were born for? Trying desperately to conquer limitations?
Start a business — any business. A small, local service business. An online business. A photography or a catering or a marketing business. A network marketing business could be a simple, low-cost way to start.
Whatever it is, it will force you out of your comfort zone and set in motion a domino effect that will transform your life forever.
I don’t know what form your greatness will take. But I know that a business can accelerate the path. Because it’s not about the business — it’s about who you become in the process.
