There’s been a serious rise in popularity in women wanting to compete as fitness models. And it’s a great thing!

This has led to females embracing the weight-lifting culture that was once male dominated. In fact, now there’s female athletes that are stronger than most guys!

But here’s the problem; some women don’t know how to achieve the figure capable of placing in a fitness show.

For this reason, we’ve put together this guide – to help everyone succeed in their fitness journey.

Check it out:

Bikini Fitness Model Workout Routine

Alright, so you want to get into shape (either for a competition, or just because it makes you happier).

Either reason is great. But first, we need to decide which days to train each muscle group.

If you already have a great schedule, then follow that. But this is for those starting from a clean plate.

Daily Training Schedule

Monday –  Glutes & Legs
Tuesday – Shoulders & Biceps
Wednesday – Back & Cardio
Thursday – Chest & Triceps
Friday – Abs & Cardio
Saturday – Compound lifts
Sunday – Rest
If you’re new to training, you might be thinking “WHAT?! I’ll only need to perform cardio twice per week?!”. In short, yes you will.

Simply put, you’ll be following an effective diet plan as part of your fitness journey. (which is just as important as your workout plan). We’ve included this below the workout.

Your diet will ensure that you are successful in trimming body fat. While weight training will ensure you sculpt that curvy and lean figure you want.

Anyway, we’ll take you through the exercises for each day – so you know exactly what you’re doing.

As we’ve mentioned, if you already have a set of exercises for each day, then that’s great. We’ve put this workout plan together for those that are looking for new workouts, or just getting started on their journey.

Remember to warm up and stretch everyday, before you begin (2-3 min light cycle or rowing machine).

a fitness model in her bikini showing her incredible abs

Monday (Glutes & Legs)

This is the first day of your workout routine. It should also be one of your favorite workouts, as working your glutes & legs is the key to sculpting that poppin’ booty.

Weighted Walking Lunges – 4 sets of 10-12 lunges
Goblet Squats – 4 sets of 8-10 reps
Kettlebell Swings – 4 sets of 8-10 reps
Bulgarian Split Squats – 4 sets of 8-10 reps
Barbell Hip Thrusts – 4 sets of 8-10 reps
Tuesday (Shoulders, Biceps & Abs)

Your legs and booty should be aching, so you’re focusing on your shoulders & biceps here.

Don’t worry, you won’t get bulky by performing these exercises. Instead, you’ll achieve the toned upper body you’ve always worked towards.

Seated Dumbbell Press – 4 sets of 8-10 reps
Side Lateral Raises – 4 sets of 8-10 reps
Front Plate Raise – 4 sets of 8-10 reps
Bicycle Crunches – 4 sets of 20-30 reps
Kettlebell Russian Twist – 4 sets of 20-30 reps
Wednesday (Back & Cardio) 

Now, you’re moving onto working your back here. And as your legs should have recovered by this point – it’s time for cardio.

Wide-Grip Lat Pulldown – 4 sets of 8-10 reps
One-Arm Dumbbell Row – 4 sets of 8-10 reps
Seated Cable Rows – 4 sets of 8-10 reps
Chin-Ups – 4 sets until failure
Treadmill – 30 minutes run
Thursday (Chest & Triceps) 

You’ll be feeling the burn on your back and legs again, so we’re giving them a rest. This workout focuses on your chest and triceps – which should be quite fresh at this point.

Dumbbell Flat Chest Press – 4 sets of 10-12 reps
Incline Chest Flys – 4 sets of 10-12 reps
Tricep Dumbbell Kickbacks – 4 sets of 8-10 reps
Seated Tricep Press – 4 sets of 8-10 reps
Push-ups – 4 sets until failure
Friday (Abs & Cardio)

Back to abs and cardio. This is probably going to be the easiest session of the week, but don’t get used to it…

We’re hitting you hard tomorrow, so get this done and get ready to lift big on Saturday.

Decline Crunches – 4 sets of 20-30 reps
Kettlebell Russian Twist – 4 sets of 20-30 reps
Box Jump – 1 set – 20 jumps
Treadmill or cycle – 30 minutes
Saturday (Compound Lifts)

After that easy Friday, you’re in for a tough day in the office here. This is a workout consisting purely of compound movements.

If you’re thinking “I’ve only had 1 glutes and legs session this week”. Well, these compound lifts will hit those muscle groups hard, so you’ll be feeling the effects tomorrow…

Clean & Jerks – 4 sets of 10 reps
Back Squats – 4 sets of 10 reps
Seated Shoulder Press – 4 sets of 8-10 reps
Pull Ups – 4 sets until failure
Deadlifts – 4 sets of 8-10 reps
Sunday – Rest

a fitness model workout in the gym 

Diet Plan

We mentioned this before taking you through the workout; following a clean diet plan is equally as important as sweating in the gym (if not more).

For example, you could run for hours on the treadmill everyday. But if you’re still consuming over your maintenance calorie limit, then you won’t lose any body fat.

This is exactly why we’ve given you a sample diet plan to follow; almost everyone will be under their maintenance calorie limit with this…

Check it out:

Breakfast

4 egg whites
⅓ cup (uncooked) instant oatmeal
10 almonds
Total: 240 calories, 20g protein, 22g carbs, 8g fat

Snack

4 oz skinless, boneless chicken breast
3 oz sweet potato, boiled or baked, without skin
½ oz English walnuts, shelled
Total: 258 calories, 26g protein, 17g carbs, 11g fat

Lunch

4 oz skinless, boneless chicken breast
½ cup long-grain brown rice
1 cup chopped broccoli, boiled or steamed
Total: 263 calories, 29g protein, 34g carbs, 3g fat

Snack

1 scoop whey protein isolate
½ large (8″) banana
1 tbsp natural peanut butter
Total: 271 calories, 29g protein, 19g carbs, 9g fat

Dinner

5 oz cod
1 white corn tortilla
1 cup sliced zucchini, boiled
Salad with dinner

2 cups mixed greens263
10 almonds, crushed
¼ cup cherry tomatoes, quartered
¼ cup red onion
2 tbsp balsamic vinegar
Total: 328 calories, 32g protein, 32g carbs, 9g fat

Snack

1½ scoops whey protein isolate
Totals: 158 calories, 38g protein, 0g carbs, 1g fat

Daily Total: 1,518 calories, 174g protein, 124g carbs, 40g fat

Summary: Female Fitness Model Workout

We spent a long time putting together this workout for you. And we even went through the trouble of creating a clean diet plan for you…you’re welcome…

Anyway, you can thank us by beginning your fitness journey and achieving your dream figure. Everyone can achieve this, so why not start now!

All it takes is the right workout and diet plan (which you now have), with a sprinkle of hard work and determination.



https://spotmegirl.com/female-fitness-model-workout/
