Collection of Deep Web Research Tools
Deep web search engine list 
Onion.City 
http://onion.link/ （get a fuckup）

-----------------
如果相機沒有記錄，那麼你敢相信這不是真的
丹麥女記者被分屍棄海 
天津大爆炸 
宁波大爆炸
5亿人民币天价保释金保出富二代杀人犯 轰动美国华人圈
women’s magazines 
projecting confidence by walking tall  
speaking with confidence 
The Art of Seduction
-----------------
I seem to be stuck around 60 in skill level. I cannot seem to cope with regulated networks at all. Are there any good *beyond beginner" tutorials that anyone knows of?

I’ll give this a stab. Much of this you probably already know:
Make sure you are making use of worms. If exploit prices get too high late hack and you need to break up some sentinels, worms can be very valuable, even if they start a little expensive and can be a little unpredictable.
Be realistic with yourself about how many exploits you NEED to complete the hack. Look at ICE near the Root and see dollar signs. Try treating all other exploit use as a luxury, since virus investments are necessary to take higher difficulty Roots.
Learn the Data View. It’s demanding on your visual acuity, but it will help you crack multiple high value targets quickly. There are already multiple missives about data view in this sub. A successful Data View plan can take you from a handful of super quick high value hacks directly to the endgame, but has limited usefulness after you start the clock. THIS is what the tutorial means when they say “plan carefully”.
The $20k start lets you get two viruses and two exploits off the bat. Consider how best to use those to take down a high value target early. If you can deal with only using one, dedicate the other to weakening the Root complex. If you are successful with Data View, save the exploit money or just direct them at the Root complex.
Some things you’ve probably already noticed but may have overlooked:
Analyze the shape of partial firewall barriers and see if you can slip a virus past them. I call the practice “shaping”. You’re going to break green firewall programs around cores, even on unprotected nodes, so might as well get good at it.
Beating an advancing anti-virus wave into the core is just as good as a clean capture with no anti-virus touched. The ratio is something like one tick of virus advance to three or four ticks of anti-virus advance. I call this “racing”. It gets easier on larger nodes once you open up space. It gets surprisingly effective the bigger the space.

----------------------

Tracking question for Darknet on PS4-VR (self.darkcom)
VRSteve 於 7 天前 發表
I started playing Darknet on the original GearVR and found that having a full-swivel chair both helped and made it more fun (e.g., to hack nodes, track transit to subnets, etc.). I'm assuming that the light-tracking in the PSVR means that spinning around is out of the question (to say nothing of the wires). How does node hacking work on the PS? Do you still have to turn around backwards (or reorient the view frequently)? Pretty much my main reason for considering a PSVR is to play Darknet w/o cooking the battery in my S8+! Any other players care to comment on the experience on PSVR vs. GearVR?
Also, in case Tetragrammaton (Ed) is reading: Any plans you can disclose about whether Darknet will make it to Windows Mixed Reality eventually?
Thanks, in advance, for any input.

我开始对原有的gearvr打暗网，发现有一个完整的转椅帮助和使它更有趣的（例如，攻击节点，轨道交通网、等）。我认为光在PSVR跟踪装置的旋转是不可能的（说的电线没有）。节点黑客如何在PS上工作？你还是要转身向后（或重新定位的观点经常）？我的主要理由是我考虑PSVR S8 +玩暗网的W / O做电池！其他球员愿意评论对与gearvr PSVR的经验吗？
另外，如果神名（ED）是阅读：任何计划可以透露关于Darknet是否将Windows混合现实吗？
预先感谢任何输入。

---------------------------------------

