Most People Don't Even Realize What's Coming 
AR 学习机 APP 
洛杉矶单间400刀，不能再便宜了。

分享4个免费SSR网站（注册送2-10G流量，签到送流量）
1、http://www.poro.top/auth/register?code=0596 注册送2G，签到随机送（本人已用1年），适合长期使用。
2、https://s8.work 注册送5G 签到随机送
3、http://yuntipq.top 注册送5G 签到随机送
4、https://superssr.cf/ 注册送10G，签到随机送
 首先我个人要说明一点，此网站均个人收集并注册测试，分享大家。并非本人经营这些网站，我和你们一样是个希望自由向往自由的普通人
-------------------

Age is just a number.
Embrace your youth wholeheartedly. If you spin your age as an asset, which can be done in a variety of ways, it can be an extremely powerful differentiator. The moment you begin to give yourself an excuse for not being successful is the moment of almost certain failure.

If you believe you can really make it then you will make it. Besides, there is nothing people want to see more than a hard-working, intelligent and dedicated young professional who succeeds. Create a snowball of momentum that makes people want to be a part of your life.


Reinvest in yourself.
The safest investment I’ve ever made is in my future. Read at least 30 minutes a day, listen to relevant podcasts while driving and seek out mentors vigorously. You don’t just need to be a master in your field, you need to be a well-rounded genius capable of talking about any subject whether it is financial, political or sports related. Consume knowledge like air and put your pursuit of learning above all else.

I also believe that it is critically important to spoil yourself to a healthy extreme in order to reward your hard work and avoid burnout. Consider splurging on memorable experiences and luxuries that will enhance your lifestyle. I get a weekly massage like clockwork, and it is one of the best productivity hacks I employ.
-------------------

https://www.picturelyrics.com/  
宁鸣而死，不默而生。 为高墙拆砖，为自由添瓦。 学习翻墙，分享翻墙，从你我做起。
Alan Walker/Iselin Solheim 《Faded》
Musical Fiction | Rudy Mancuso
Fuck you -Lily Allen
关注多余，主力减少 . 追究细节，失去力量。 watch the detail loose the strength：每一次只有一件事情最重要。 
我们都老得太快，却聪明得太迟
那手在不住的颤抖仿佛不是我的手，那心脏在不听剧烈的跳动，仿佛不是我的心 
感情越久，越需要保持新鲜感。 
巫师的弱点就是未知
I do not fail. I succeed in finding out what does not work

Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood 

Life's a bitch and some days it has puppies

I told you I'll be ready in FIVE minutes stop, calling me every half hour

Mojo：That moment is the condition I call Mojo. It is the moment when we do something that’s purposeful, powerful, and positive, and the rest of the world recognizes it. This book is about that moment—how we can create it in our lives, how we maintain it, and how we recapture it when we need it again.

小时候我以为自己长大后可以拯救整个世界,等长大后才发现整个世界都拯救不了我……
程序员 

是不是有压力了，作为一人程序员，哪个没有备份渠道和程序版本管理  

新加坡阿里云，香港阿里云，日本樱花主机，其他线路陆续增加，注册领取 3G 免费流量，开启BBR加速，稳定高速。

勾搭自己就是爱上自己的过程。 勾搭别人就是追求自我浪漫的过程 。
