20181116 思考周期


下面这个文章说 ，需要放下其他东西 在周末理下思考  陈诺自己需要花时间思考  然后停下来去做一些不一样的东西。 -行动。 

“This week I made the conscious decision not to do one more lick of research 
and to buckle down and obsess a dissertation topic into existence. Monday was 
horrible. Tuesday was horrible. And Wednesday was even worse, as my demons 
howled away at me. Then on Thursday something happened. I actually got quiet 
and started thinking. It is a very strange experience to notice that you haven’t really 
been thinking all these many years of school — that you’ve been avoiding thinking. 
My dissertation topic didn’t become clear on Thursday, but I saw its ghostly out- 
line, and I have some hope that it will become clear now that I have committed to 
thinking. What an odd concept, to finally commit to thinking after almost twenty 
years in school.” 


---------------


Alan reported, “What a week this has been! I’ve managed to produce a great deal 
of work, and, more important, ‘big picture’ issues for my project are coming to- 
gether. The weekend was quite productive, and I kept to my plan of writing and 
reading. Monday, although I expected to be tired, as soon as I sat down my pen 
flew. I was quite worn out on Tuesday and decided to rest. On Wednesday I had a 
very full workday at the office and an evening meeting as well. I did a little reading 
but not much else. This morning I woke early, and two fresh solutions to plot prob- 
lems appeared. I’ve filled my office with images of my subject, which I think is 
helping, and I’m thinking about the project a great deal. I’m not sure whether or 
not that’s obsessing, but whatever it is, it’s a great improvement! I’m still having 
trouble rising extra early, but I’m working later, so I’m not being hard on myself 
about not rising at the crack of dawn. So far, so good. On to week two!” 
Your first week of productive obsessing may bring you face-to-face with your 
most tenacious, self-sabotaging behaviors and your fiercest demons. It may also 
open the door to riveting thinking and provide sudden solutions to your most in- 
tractable problems. Very likely, it may prove a mixture of both as you marshal your 
resources, look your resistance square in the eye, and commit to grandeur. No 
matter how it turns out, congratulate yourself if you showed up even a little. 


