Become a Better Version of Yourself by Instantly Relaxing

Become a Better Version of Yourself by Instantly Relaxing
What if I told you there is a tool at your disposal that can make you more relaxed when you are in a stressful situation, give you more energy when you need a boost, help you focus when getting that work assignment done and just make you a much happier and healthier human being.
Better yet, its free and you can literally do it anywhere and anytime. If you are reading this, you are doing it right now.
As I write this I'm in the middle of some rough turbulence on my way to Brasil and I'm using this tool to calm the fuck down!
This magic pill is our BREATH.
You might be thinking, "Yeah yeah, we heard about the importance of breathing a million times". Then start implementing because this will literally change your life when done properly!
Most likely you haven't even touched the surface of what you can truly accomplish with proper breathing. The world would be a different place if they taught this at school honestly. Breath awareness can turn on the body’s natural ability to prevent and cure illness.
I've been conscious of my breathing since my teenage years. I did yoga from a young age which made me extremely aware of my breathing early and helped me throughout life tremendously.
I'm in a great mood most of the time and have tons of energy. Proper eating, meditation and exercise have all played a role in this but our body is a unified system and everything works together. The art of learning how to breathe is one big piece of the puzzle.
Most of us are simply breathing the wrong way and this is fucking us up! Controlling your breath allows you to control your biochemistry, which influences emotions, thoughts and finally, our actions.
We can all recall moments of feeling anger that resulted in saying or doing stupid things that we later regretted. The more stressed you are, the more prone to feeling anger, unworthiness, despair, envy and all these lower frequency emotions. These emotions are ones that will make your life harder and less enjoyable.
Most people suffer from chronic stress in the current society, and it’s hard not to. Bills to pay, coworkers we don't like, messy dating life, shitty upbringing, etc. When stressed, our body releases cortisol, a hormone that when constantly elevated will wreak havoc on our body, mind and spirit.
Cortisol signals our bodies that we are in danger, causing blood flow to go to the surface of the muscles to get ready for flight or fight. Meanwhile our vital organs, tissues and brain receive less oxygen and nutrients, slowly starving them.
This is dangerous and over time will make us sick, have less energy, make it harder to develop relationships, earn less money and ultimately a worse life.
We all want to perform at our peak. We all want to feel good inside.
Lets go over the 4 principles of proper breathing that you need to handle.
1- Breathe through your nose: Every breath should go in and out through your nose.
2- Breathe with the belly: The air you breathe should go to your belly and not your lungs. This will oxygenate you much better while massaging your digestive organs.
3- Breathe more relaxed: When breathing more relaxed, you will feel more relaxed. Your body and mind will sync with your breathing.
4- Find your rhythm: Everything in nature has a rhythm. The ocean waves, the wind, the moon. Find yours and stick to it. You will be far less likely to be swept away by the external emotionally charged rhythms.
Find yourself in a particularly stressful situation and need some specific breathing techniques to calm down?
1- Deep calm: This exercise has been called “a natural tranquilizer for the nervous system”, easing the body into a state of calmness and relaxation. Do the following sequence for at least 2 minutes and aim for 5 minutes.
Inhale for 4 seconds
Hold for 7 seconds
Exhale fully through your mouth for 8 seconds
2- Box Breathing: Technique to heighten performance and concentration while also being a potent stress reliever. Its famously used by athletes, Navy Seals and even yoga practitioners. Do the following sequence for at least 2 minutes and aim for 5 minutes.
Inhale for 4 seconds
Hold for 4 seconds
Exhale fully through your mouth for 4 seconds
Hold for 4 seconds
When you follow these four basic pillars of breathing, and the two breathing techniques for calming down, you’ll find that you begin to have a control over how these moments play out, instead of it being left to chance and in the moment emotions.
In the Live Your Freedom three month mastermind we have coming up, learning how to control breathing is one of the first principles of abundance.
Many of you came from the success with women community, and abundance with women is a huge goal for many men, because of the lack of control that many guys have over that area of their lives.
When you learn how to breathe, you learn how to control your connections with the world around you.
I could write pages and pages on breathing but I’ll stop for now and save it for our first live stream.
Check out the starter article that I wrote on eating that will give you a head start this week on getting your diet on track so you can become more attractive and access more of your freedom and your potential.
Happy breathing…
Stefan
