RSD Derek - Ten Commandments of Game - 恋爱游戏人生十诫 


Lound Sound  - Those sounds are accompanied by particular feelings, etc.  

certainty - No woman wants a man who has less
certainty than she does. No woman wants a man that is frequently
depressed, anxious, or lost. 

This holds true with any goal in life. We choose
CEOs and presidents who project certainty and stability because we know
that those features (if real) get results. In a world that is so complex, how
do we start the process of better navigation?

[Goal]
Well frst, we need defned goals. It is impossible to get somewhere
if it is not completely clear where we are going. And for different parts of
life, different goals are needed. 

To start this process, we have to:
1. Break down and compartmentalize our inner world
2. Defne what aims are best for each part
3. Outline how those aims are achieved.

每个成功学者的理论都是互相驳斥的，但是只要你把他们放在一起，知道什么时候这个有用，什么时候那个有用那么你就很厉害了，这就像钢琴，
一个琴键感觉没有什么特别
的音效，但是只要练习熟悉了每一个琴键，之后再慢慢练习不同的曲子就很有趣了。


[Human psychology]

 self-awareness  - Most people believe
they have high levels of self-awareness, but studies show that the average
person’s self-awareness is poor. If you want to test this, go ask one of your
best friends what their biggest blind spot is.  

[你和其他任何人都没有区别] - cognitive biases 
Building self-awareness frst starts by understanding that you are
not different psychologically from anyone else. This is hard for people to
swallow, and it is this exact diffculty that advertisers exploit. Everyone
thinks that they are the one person for whom advertising doesn’t work.
The easiest person to manipulate is the person that thinks they could
never be manipulated. 


[ Selfishness - 自私 ]

Examine your own thoughts for a day, were they
mostly about yourself or others? Did you think about what you wanted for
lunch, or what the homeless guy down the street wanted for lunch? Don’t
fall into the trap of thinking that this inherent selfshness means people
are evil, or the trap of thinking that this must mean selfshness is a virtue.

Long run 也是为了长远的自私 ...



[incentives - 萝卜 - 激励 ]
If you want to understand and inﬂuence yourself and others,
you must constantly be analyzing incentives of yourself and others, and
engineering incentives that will make the actions you desire from yourself
and others natural.



[Selective Attention and the Pygmalion effect   - 选择性注意效应 - 皮格马利翁效应]

What you focus on becomes your reality, and you cannot focus
on everything all at once. 


[Biases involving perception of other people - 他人带动你的偏见 ]

People will buy a
product that they see their friend buy, because it is less cognitively taxing
than analyzing each new product. This is also the reason why women
are attracted to men who they see other women are attracted to. Since
women’s attraction to men is based more on behavior than physical
beauty, it’s harder to evaluate.

