           《Elite-Lifestyle-Bible》
           
           Inner Lifestyle ：
           Just remember,
you can’t build a house without a good foundation.

　　　　２０８０　法则：　
    Get thefundamentals perfect and see if you can hold that for 6 months. Then start
adding in the small stuff that will get you 1% more gains, as long as they
don’t interfere with the big stuff.

【Grooming,　Hygiene, and Fashion】



Hair - a haircut that costs $30-$40 looks
infnitely better than a $10 haircut.  

you should be getting a haircut every 3 weeks at the least
(unless you have long hair). Any less than that and it starts to look lazy. For
hair grooming, if you should be using shampoo every day if your hair is oily,
at least every other day if it’s not. Use Head and Shoulders brand everyday if you have dandruff. Putting product in your hair is also fne, but talk
to your barber about specifcally what type of product and how to style it.

[Mouth]

» First, tell a few close friends and wings to always call you out if you
have bad breath. If you’re not around anyone you know, lick an eating
utensil and then smell it. If it smells bad, you have bad breath.

» Also, you would think most guys reading this brush and ﬂoss twice
a day, but a surprising amount do not. This is absolutely essential:
Flossing not only increases gum health (which improves your breath),
it also gets rid of tiny particles of food that if left between your teeth
will rot and smell. In addition, you should be brushing your tongue
with toothpaste and using mouthwash twice a day.

牙线 -两次每天 - 早上一次晚上一次 - 漱口剂 - 每天两次 - 早上一次晚上一次  


[Fashion]
» First, your clothing should present the specifc archetype that most
fts your personality and tribe. If you still haven’t fgured this out,
go back and listen to commandment seven. In particular, you want
clothing that portrays you as the highest status person in that tribe.
So, if you’re a lawyer, you should be wearing suits that look like you
just made partner, not like you just started your summer internship.
If you’re a rocker, you should look like the guy on stage, not the guy
at the back of the crowd. Very simple way to know what this means:
look at pictures of famous people that are in your tribe and have your
archetype. What does their style look like? What specifc types of
clothing are they wearing?

Next, I’m going to give you the biggest secret to what makes a person
look fashionable. Wearing clothes that ft perfectly. This is the
number one aspect making any item look fashionable or out of place.

1
the color of your belt should match the color of your
shoes


[ On Peacocking ]

The idea of peacocking, was that if you wore one or two
items that made you stand out, you would get more attention. However,
what it became was an arms race to see who could look the weirder and
more out of place. The idea in context is good: If you can fnd one or two
accessories or clothing pieces that stand out and obey the above rules it
can work great for you. 



On cologne 古龙香水:
A little is ok. A lot is a fucking train wreck. In general people should not be
able to smell it unless they are very close to you.
Look, don’t get lost in this stuff. Take these guidelines, make this your
project for the week, and get it done. 


[Health]

1. They do not smoke, do drugs, or drink to excess
2. They eat diets that are high in fruits and vegetables, and low in
processed foods and sugar
3. They regularly sleep 8 hours a night (MUCH more important than
you may think)
4. They exercise
The tricky thing about health is that most people know what do, but
they don’t quite understand why they’re supposed to do it, and they lack
the structure to do it easily. 

[Sleep]

For those of you who have a hard time falling
asleep, follow these rules for a couple of weeks:

1. No blue light two hours before bed. (Blue light from computers,
phones, TVs, sends signals to your pineal gland to stop producing
melatonin, your body’s primary sleep hormone.

2. No stimulants 8 hours before you go to bed.
3. Exercise at some point during the day for at least 30 minutes, but not
within 2 hours of your bedtime.
4. Go to sleep at the same time every night (Yes, I realize this is hard
if you are going out to bars and clubs on the weekends. In that
case, make sure you are asleep every night at the same time during
weekdays).
5. Do not nap during the day.
6. Sleep in a room that is pitch black (Cover your windows), and slightly
cool (Around 65 degrees). Use ear plugs to block out sound.

If the above rules are followed perfectly and you still have trouble
sleeping, go to your doctor and get a sleep study. You may have sleep
apnea or clinical insomnia. 


20



[Continuous Learning]

So how do you structure your continual learning? Well, let’s think about
what kind of learning you want to engage in. There is:
» Traditional education (college, grad school, and continued learning
classes)
» Live programs/events
» Books
» YouTube Videos/ Online audios/ Online articles
» Home programs (Such as this)
» Personal coaching sessions (Such as Bootcamp)


【we work on one thing at time ！！！】
Each of these are useful in the right situation, but too much, or too varied
content, can strain your bandwidth and ensure that you will learn nothing
at all. Remember, we work on one thing at time. This means that frst you
need to get clear on which project you are currently working on. Maybe
you’re in poor health, and you need to change your habits. Maybe you
need a career change. Clearly, you’re currently dedicated to tremendously
enhancing your dating/sex life! Whatever it is, it needs to be clear in
your mind, and you need to dedicate a block of time to it until it’s actually
fnished. Once you have decided what your primary project is, you need to
start looking at which type of education will help further that goal


【Learn one piece  at a time ！！！】
【Listen to one piece of content that is specifc to your current
goal or sticking point, then listen to it again and again. Don’t jump around,
it’s not going to be helpful to you！！！】
Online videos and audios: A lot of guys in the community get bogged down
with this stuff. They want to see EVERY RSD video that comes out. This is
better than doing nothing, but it’s far from ideal. By overloading yourself
with such a wide variety of information, you end up not implementing
anything. I will watch several videos every month, on something I am
SPECIFICALLY working on. I will then listen to that audio or video over
and over until it is completely instilled in my brain. I’ve listened to Charles
Munger’s talk on cognitive biases probably 40 times. I suggest you do
the same. Listen to one piece of content that is specifc to your current
goal or sticking point, then listen to it again and again. Don’t jump around,
it’s not going to be helpful to you. This is why I structured THE Ten
Commandments of Game how I did. It hits you on every possible learning
style, so you can absorb and retain the content rapidly and implement it
until it is entirely habituated. You will want to review many pieces of this
content several times, to ensure your highest levels of success possible.


【for me】

In terms of specifc structure, I tend to focus entirely on what I’ve learned
on programs during the month after I take them. For books, videos, audios,
and articles, I put all of that during my commute and travel time, mostly in
audio format. I split half that commute time between reading new books,and half

to listening to old books or audios that I want brainwashed into
me. For personal training, I tend to do at a set time at least twice per week.
Traditional education gives a good foundation so long as you’re in a quality
school and focus on pragmatic learning. Don’t waste your life with any of
these half-ass degrees in bunk topics.
This may seem like a lot, but it’s not if you are only learning about the ONE
thing you are currently working on. In that case, the information tends to
synthesize together. If you are learning about 30 different topics, you’ll be
overwhelmed. Either way, DO NOT skip this part of inner lifestyle. It is the
part of lifestyle that powers all the other parts. Without it they will never
improve


[职业]


First off, I’m not going to tell you to follow your passion. If everyone
followed their passion, we’d have a million professional snowboarders and
zero quality assurance experts. What I will do is guide you through the
process of picking a career that fts you and will give you a quality life. This
is not to say that you necessarily SHOULDN’T follow your passion, 
butrather that you need to think pragmatically. A long-term career has many
different aspects to it, all of which affect your life going forward. Let’s start
thinking about them now.

1. What do you actually get the most joy out of in your life? This may
sound cliché, but it’s very vital you fgure this out, because it is not
the same for everyone.

2. What type of careers will allow you to get the most of what you want?
If you love free time and traveling, a career that where you can work
remotely is a better decision then going to med school. If you’re
one of those few people that really derives pleasure from money
(There are people like this, usually who grew up in poverty) than you
should consider wall street. 

3. When you you’ve narrowed down your sights to a few felds, start to
think through which jobs you will be particularly skilled at, and which
jobs you can do day after day without blowing your brains out.

4.  Not do - not give up and pick anthoer 
In order to be successful you have to pick one thing. Pick one
thing, and then focus on it, in depth, potentially for decades at a
time. 



You can
read “The Secret” or watch YouTube videos all day long, but unless
you’re really willing to eat broken glass day after day, you aren’t going
to be remarkably successful at anything.

[做的更有创意]

In terms of doing this differently than others, you’re going to need a
bit of creativity. Let’s say you want to a top lawyer, but you didn’t go
to a top school. We’ll, you could do what my friend did, and literally
cold call top lawyers in your city and ask them for advice. This is
something that’s too far from the mainstream for the average Ivy
Leaguers to do. You can take out ad space on women’s bikinis. You
could hire other lawyers who maybe didn’t get the best grades, but
are charismatic and will bring in a large amount of clientele. Or you
could survey clients in your feld about what services they wish
their lawyer would provide, and set up shop specializing in only that
service. These are random examples You would be amazed how little
deviation there is from the beaten path. If you are constantly thinking
through what other people will not do because of social conditioning,
you will build the creativity necessary to do things differently and
better than 99% of the population.


[Social talented ]

One last thing on excelling at your career… There are some skills
that are useful to learn no matter what feld you go into. The most
important of these is social skills. Those people I know who have been
promoted the fastest weren’t necessarily those who were just good
at their jobs. They were people that were good at their jobs, AND the
most socially talented. What does being socially talented mean? Well
in essence, it’s the ability to consistently make people feel good and
want to be around you more. If you can master this along with your
chosen specialty, you will rise quickly.


【我】

When I was frst traveling
around with the RSD boys, I was also working 80 hour weeks on my
business, AND I was enrolled in school. I wasn’t rich, and I certainly didn’t
have a ton of free time. People tend to use fnance as an excuse more than
anything else, so let’s touch on that for a second…

80除以7 一天 11.428 小时工作 ...


【Building a social circle/tribe】

a. If you currently don’t have many friends, the best way to get a
core group is through shared experiences. If you’re in to pick-up,
this means going on forums, or to live events, fnding guys who
want to go out, and spending a few months winging with them.
If you’re into sports, join your favorite league. Take advantage of
the various culture specifc meetups in your city.

. You’ll fnd that most good friends you’ve made in the past came
from a period of time where you had shared experiences or
goals. This is why most people fnd their friends through school
or work. It also helps to have a skill that you can add to the group
that no one else can, and for the other core members to have one
as well. Personally, when looking for new friends, assistants, orbusiness partners, I look for guys that are a) smart, b) loyal to me
and to each other, c) resourceful and ambitious (they also want
to build something), d) fun to be around, and e) have some skill or
personality trait that the rest of the group does not.
c. Once you’ve got a good core group of people, get everyone on
the same page to start building an epic social circle. This means
laying down some ground rules. A great social circle is a good mix
of quality successful guys, and quality beautiful women. Beautiful
women attract more successful guys and more beautiful women.
So, there has to be an understanding that:
i. The initial group of beautiful women you bring into the
group are not there for you guys to hook up with. Ever!
They are purely female friends. In time, they’ll start
bringing other girls to the events. If the girls they bring
are particularly cool, add them to the social circle. After
a while there will be so many girls around that you’ll have
a steady stream of 3rd order girls that you can hook up
with whenever you want.
ii. Everyone does what’s best for the group. In my tribe,
we all do each other an unlimited amount of favors. We
are constantly thinking about what we can do for oneanother. We also NEVER do something that would hurt
the other person or their goals. When one person is
working solely for themselves, they get results sparingly.
When everyone is working for themselves and their
friends, they get exponential results.
iii. Don’t bring B players into the social circle. I’ve had
many situations where I hang out with someone whose
company I enjoy, but their friend sucks so badly that I
never bring either of them around cool people again. Your
tribe is not a charity for losers! If you throw parties flled
with negative or needy people, pretty soon they’ll be the
only ones at your parties at all.
iv. Keep the dialogue open. With wings that I’ve had, we
are constantly having frank conversations on how to
execute more effciently. These conversations are vital
in wingmanship and when building your tribe. Make sure
everyone knows these conversations aren’t personal, but
are there to keep the social circle growing and operating
smoothly.
v. Start working on acquisition and retention, and spread
out the work evenly between your core group. This means
everyone is making an effort to bring cool people into thetribe and see if they ft (acquisition). For retention, this
means each guy is either throwing the occasional event,
planning an event, or getting everyone into a cool venue.
If you have, say, 4 guys all planning one event a month or
every two months, then you’ll have plenty of fun things
to bring the wider social circle to. Remember, the goal of
the game is for people to want to come back. Don’t turn
this into an ego trip where everyone has to see you as
the leader. I’m comfortable being the leader, but I have
no desire to be the leader at the cost of my overall life.
Ideally, you’d like to be respected and accepted, but also
be in a room where everyone is even more successful
than you.
