Hey Zeison,
 
When most coaches first start out, they face a lot of the same challenges like…
Where to find clients?
"Should I reach out to my current network to find clients?"
One of my former clients, George had to deal with those questions while struggling to get his business off the ground.
 
Eventually, he turned it all around and went from 0 to 6 figures by the 3rd month in his business.
 
Here’s how he did it…
 
Reaching Out To His Current Network
When first starting out, a lot of coaches don't have a big network of people to tap into. For example, a new dating coach may not have a personal database of singles to reach out to in the beginning. Or, a new business coach may not have a big list of business owners.
 
George only had 125 people in his network and very few of them were potential business owners that he could coach.
 
He started calling people on his list, but nothing happened.
 
Note: A lot of people hear that they should start calling the people they know. It isn’t bad advice, but it isn’t always the best way to start.
 
The Backup Plan
Two months after going into his business full-time, he still had no clients and his money was running low. He feared that he'd have to use his backup plan.
 
His backup plan was to commute from Seattle to Beverly Hills to do plastic surgery, which wasn’t ideal.
 
Note: When transitioning into full-time coaching, I recommend you have a plan in place to make the income change happen as smoothly as possible.
 
Idea That  Changed It All
After trying a lot of things that didn’t work, he had an idea to host a seminar where he’d teach something related to business growth.
 
Note: Public speaking is a great way to get awareness and clients.
 
Coaching Is A Big Head Game
There’s a big head game that goes on when you try to be a coach because you have to overcome a lot of your own inner doubts.
 
And by now, he was exhausted and doubtful. He’d seen so many others be successful at it, but wondered if it would ever happen for him.
 
He finished planning the event and 2 weeks before it was scheduled to happen, he realized he hadn’t promoted it.
 
So, he started going to different networking events where he promoted his seminar. By the time of the event, he had 19 people to show up.
 
Offer a Free Session
At the end of his seminar, he offered a free business coaching acceleration session. Out of the 19 people who showed up, about 10 took him up on the offer.
 
Within 2 weeks of doing those sessions, he had 7 new clients signed up to work with him at $1500/ month each.
 
That was even more than he was paying me at the time!
 
It Got Even Better
Because everything went so well, it helped to build his confidence to bring in other people. Soon his fees went up to $2250/month.
 
That's how George grew his business from 0 to 6 figures in 72 days.
 
How This Can Work For You
If you're wanting to grow your business, keep in mind that your situation may not be like George's or anyone else's.
 
Some people I've worked with have grown their businesses at record speed, and others have taken a little longer.
 
Just know that as long as you're willing to do the work on yourself (inner game/ mindset) and take consistent action out in the world, success inevitable.
 
The only mystery is time.
 
Big Love,
Christian
 
ps. Share this with anyone you think can benefit from reading George's story.
