20191025 观想-创意老虎机

【观想-创意老虎机】

创意和想法就像老虎机 它转转转转转转转转转 你想想想想想想想想想想想 然后可能就出现想法的组合。

【老虎在老虎机面前写计划】

计划的背后是细节 执行力 控制力 各种细节 各种联系 ，这是源自于不断地思考。 所以，在行动的时候需要有间隔性停顿思考的时间，那个间隔是不断地停不断地思考，

中间的停顿是你在需要思考的时候停下来。

【计划同步的重要性】
现在给我的一个想法就是我真的需要就是同步xmind 到手机 还有就是笔记到印象笔记 背诵然后就是 记录本用作现实的跟踪  如果放入手机或者电脑 过几天就没了 。

【自由主义的圆梦计划估计是永远无法实现了】

我是个自由主义者 我不想结婚 我 不想待在家里 我想去流浪

【梦不成 那就告老还乡安享晚年吧 - 本土化特色】

去网吧看一些微电影 微电视剧 学习一些套路 学英语再多也要将他本土化才能用 如果老外来这边也得学着说中文 都一个道理 本土化才能用

【在老家吹牛皮（吹包） - 一字不是金 一字是一个屁 】

The thing The Word Is Just Like bubble  泡沫you need to talk out when you learn One Word you talk out 

【吹完牛皮回去睡不着- 令到我睡不着觉的几个问题】

how you can sleep if you dont make progress?How you can sleep if you not Deal problem a bit?

【睡不着 - 策略性让自己慢下来思考】
[假设性思考- 但是，如果... 之后的感觉会怎样？]
A clear sign the Chimp is in charge is if your questions start “But what if…” Unless the sentence ends with something rational 
so that you can make appropriate plans. Chimps operate on “How do I feel right now?” and Humans operate on 
“How will I feel later?”

[情绪意识思考]
Instant Stress Strategy– You can recognise this by noticing you are having feelings you don’t like. 
Create autopilots that the Chimp can rely on as the Chimp will be reacting to stress first EG: 
use a cue word like ‘Change’ to acknowledge you are feeling stress and that you want your Human to step in – 
say the cue word out loud as soon as you notice you’re stressed.

[意识停顿思维]
Have a mental ‘pause’ button and press it to slow your thinking down so you can allow the Human brain to work. 
Notice that you are stressed and whether your default is Fight, 
Flight or Freeze – then you know how to adapt your behaviour accordingly.


There are three sources of stress: #1 You, #2 Others, #3 Circumstances – identify which is causing your present stress 
(it could be one or more of the above contributing), and then create strategies to deal with them.


【思考完了起来逛贴吧 - 英文开贴引流】

开帖 盖楼 价值的文章  英文帖子 帮人阅读 然后引导微信。

汉语研学 语法 加 英语语法 对照说明不同之处和相同之处。


【贴吧开贴第一篇章 - 学习不用学习的方式 - 找搞笑图讲有趣的话题】
not get it  learning by not learn  fun topic pic gif site

【弄完贴吧 去看美女】

霞浦32路公交  西山洋站 霞浦八中 校服不错

【看完美女 继续回去观想 - mojo观想 细节 观想 整体mojo】

Mindset check - No porn mindset 

【观想拓展整合 - 学习他人的拓展整合】

模仿各种不同人的声音 声调 然后整合成自己的特色 杰森看上去不简单，怎么样变得不简单你也可以。开不同的课程。旅行不同的地方。
做一个自由职业者。建立不同的人际，交友不同的人。
进入不同的社交圈。网络圈。学一堆不一样课程与书籍。整合开自己的课然后内化成自己的所有...


【整合锚定口诀】

Ground most story in preselect

                                晓城 
                             
                             People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day ... ... 
